Project Name: Diana’s Portfolio

Project Description: My portfolio is mainly dedicated to HR managers, employing interactive media and graphic designers as well as for freelance work. As I am more interested in website development, graphic design, and video production, I included my works in these spheres too, so the employers will have a specific idea about my skills as a professional and I will be employed in these spheres. 
I prefer minimalism with 1-2 accent colors and animations. Because of this, I usually do the work with fewer details with more focus on important things. I tried to show that in my portfolio too to give an idea for the employer about my style of work. Hence, I made it in a minimalistic style with the accent color of orange and animations throughout the portfolio. 

Process: As the portfolio is dedicated to HR managers and freelance employees, I decided to keep the website layout simple and understandable, so it would be easier for them to scroll through the portfolio. Because of this, the most important thing for me was to divide the sections according to my work and make it visually comprehensible. The HR managers looking for videographers would immediately go to the videography section and the same with interactive media and graphic design. For that, I added specific buttons on the top of the website which led the user to different sections such as interactive media, graphic design, and videography. As the main page, I wanted to give a short professional background of mine to give an idea of me as a specialist. Adding my photo was my personal choice. Overall, the experience of going through the website is smooth as it is divided into specific sections with the works leading to project websites or multiple pages to see the details if the user is interested. Every multiple page has a back button to go to the main page, while the project websites are opened in a separate tab. Every project has a short description and title to give an idea to the user about the project. 
As I became more comfortable with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript because of constant practice throughout the semester, I was satisfied with the coding process. I started with the main page. First, I coded the overall structure such as the location of the texts and the images. After that, I added the content itself. Then, the links each content leads to as well as multiple pages. Then, I have coded the buttons for better navigation. When everything was pretty much done, I enhanced the visuals by changing the colors and fonts mainly following the style of my first website “Major Help” and adding the animations following the class example of AOS files during the comics assignment.

Reflection/Evaluation: As my initial expectations about my website were mainly met, I realized that my skills in coding have improved pretty much. It is impressive how everything is structured on the website into sections and divs, so moving or changing one element doesn’t affect the whole website as it did before. Overall, my goal of creating a portfolio that shows me and my style of work and design was met. I gave my friends to go through the website and asked for their impressions. First, all of them mentioned the contemporary design of the website, which doesn’t attract too much attention to itself but rather helps to enjoy the website by giving aesthetic pleasure. Second, they said that the user experience is very good as they were able to easily navigate through the website because of clear structure, easy page control, and minimalistic style. Third, all of them were impressed with the animation as it adds to the dynamics of the portfolio, making it more engaging. Last but not least, they said that the portfolio showcases my works and my style effectively. In the future, I would like to improve the website by adding details as night mode, smoother transitions as well and resizing based on the screen. For now, the website is made only for the laptop screens. In general, I loved the coding experience with the portfolio website as well as the final work because I visually saw my progress and work done. 
